docs: Remove TOC duplication on future work section pages (#1038)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/future-work/monty-tooling.md

title: Monty Tooling
description: These are efforts to develop tools that make Monty easier to use and build with.
---

> Tasks into Monty tooling section relates to tools that can make Monty easier to use and build with. You can find some of the tools we currently use in the [tools folder](../../tools/) of this repository and as separate repositories on our [GitHub Org](https://github.com/thousandbrainsproject).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks in the Monty tooling section relate to tools that can make Monty easier to use and build with. You can find some of the tools we currently use in the [tools folder](../../tools/) of this repository and as separate repositories on our [GitHub Org](https://github.com/thousandbrainsproject).
```
